What is Solid Principles ?

-> Helps developers to break down complex problems into smaller manageable pieces.
-> Helps developers to reduce the dependencies on code so that in the future if any
    one area of the code changes, it won’t impact the other area of the code.
-> Helps developers to move tightly coupled code or components into a loosely coupled,
    flexible, and maintainable manner.


                             Open Closed Principle
                                    |   Interface Segregation Principle
                                    |   |
                      BreakDown ( S O L I D )
                                  |    |  |
                                  |    |  |
                                 SRP   |  |
     (Single Responsibility Principle) |  Dependency Inversion Principle
                                       |
                          (Liskov Substitution Principle)




 -> SRP ( Single Responsibility Principle )  :->
As the name suggests, the Single Responsibility principle states 2 key principles.

        -> Your class or method should have only one reason to change.
        -> Your class or method should have only one responsibility to take care of.
        While you design your logic in either class or method, you should not be writing all kinds of responsibilities
        in one place. This will make your code quite complex and unmanageable. It will also be difficult to adjust
        new changes later as there are high chances it will affect the other functionality and you will end up
        testing all the functionalities even though it is a smaller change. Let’s take the example below.

     What it is Responsible For ?
     It improves maintainability, readability, testing, debugging, and makes changes localized without
     affecting unrelated parts of the system.

-> Open Closed Principle:->

This principle states that "Software entities (classes, modules, functions, etc.) should be open for extension,
but closed for modification" which means you should be able to extend a class behavior, without modifying it.

   Example: Imagine you have a class called PaymentProcessor that processes payments for an online store.
   Initially, the PaymentProcessor class only supports processing payments using credit cards. However, you want to
   extend its functionality to also support processing payments using PayPal.

   Instead of modifying the existing PaymentProcessor class, a new PayPalPaymentProcessor class can be created to add
   PayPal support.
   This keeps the original class unchanged while extending its functionality through a new class.
   It follows the Open-Closed Principle by keeping the class closed for modification but open for extension.